♪ ♪
What about under your desk?
I did. He's not there.
- The bathroom?
- Not there, either.
He might be between the couch
cushions in the break room.
What time exactly did you notice
that he was missing?
Okay, if I'm being honest,
I lost Mr. Caputo's hard drive
weeks ago.
- Aleesha!
- Before you freak out,
he is in this building
somewhere.
I know he is.
I was printing a sandwich,
and then it got stuck
between two fat cartridges,
so I set Mr. Caputo down.
You are not supposed to use
two fat cartridges.
Wait, were you the one
who broke the printer, Aleesha?
I don't care!
If you don't find him
in 20 minutes,
you are getting into his avatar
and you are playing
the role of Mr. Caputo
until his wife dies!
- On it.
- And, Nora,
did you ever watch
the mandatory HR video
on preventing
scan-angel romance?
I watched it, yes.
- Did you understand it?
- I did.
So can you explain to me
why you were found in the arms
of an upload, asleep,
this morning at 6:00 a.m.?
I-I came in after-hours
to get a jump on work,
and I-I drifted off.
It'll never happen again.
Yeah. Okay.
Because if it does,
I will knock you down to a...
What are you at now?
A 5.8.
I will knock you down to a 4.8.
No!
There is no 5.8.
You're at 4.8.
I will knock you down to a 3.8
like... that.
And you, Batia, I don't know
what you're pickling in those
murky jars underneath your desk,
but this here
is a place of business.
It is not
a Baltic stink factory!
♪ ♪
Hmm.
I don't remember you playing
chess in any of your memories.
Didn't think I was smart, too?
I got
in trouble for falling asleep
next to you last night.
Oh, man.
That's brutal.
That's-that's my fault.
No, no. It was fun.
It was fine.
I'm a big girl.
I hate this place.
You're observed all the time.
No, the problem was
I fell asleep at my desk
and people saw me
when they got to work.
Oh.
Well, you could set an alarm
next time.
Interesting.
There's an alarm clock
in your suite.
Maybe I should remember
to invite you to my suite.
Maybe you should.
If we were gonna do,
um, that again,
I would have to talk to Ingrid.
You know, I owe her that.
Plus, she could delete me.
Right.
My name's Amy.
Hi, Amy.
My husband's been dead...
Uh, I mean uploaded...
For three years.
I can go one month
without thinking about him.
He never e-mails me
or texts anymore.
That could be
a settings problem.
You have to agree
to the privacy contract
to receive any communications.
Oh, shit.
Excuse me.
Just-just turn on auto-update.
Why don't we move on
to you next?
Sure.
Um, my name is Ingrid.
Hi, Ingrid.
Hello. And...
something's been weighing
on me for a while now.
I kissed my dead boyfriend's
business partner.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Uploaded boyfriend.
Well, thanks for sharing,
Ingrid.
We have all been there.
Are you going
to start seeing him?
No.
I don't even like him.
It was just, you know,
something that happened.
He was his close friend,
and he came over
looking for Nathan's hard drive
one night
after Nathan and I
had had a fight.
And before I even knew it,
we were in bed.
Uh, I thought you said kissing.
And a handy, okay?
Wow. Happier now?
All right, just pick one!
Wow.
No trash-talking Lakeview today.
No way.
That's great. Your dad...
Yeah. He's visiting today.
You want to say hi,
maybe show him around?
Uh, yeah. I...
You know, I didn't have the...
best luck with dads.
I was the guy that
kind of just waited in the car
and didn't go to the door.
- He's not gonna be judging you.
- Mm-hmm.
No, he's just there
to take the tour.
And maybe you can help me
sell it to him.
Okay.
- Oh, and one last thing.
- Yeah?
Checkmate.
- Wait, what?
- See ya.
Never lost a game, huh?
What I said was
I never played a game.
You made me look like an idiot.
You think I wanted to?
So, I've been thinking
about deactivating Nathan.
Not forever. Just, you know,
maybe six days a week.
Or...
or maybe marrying him?
Tough.
Yeah. Um, tough situation.
Yeah. Uh, next? Jen?
Ooh, ooh. Sorry.
Um, I actually...
I wrote a little list of pros
and cons for freezing Nathan.
Don't worry, Jen.
This will be, like, so fast.
Okay.
Pro...
Cavern Investments' partner
Josh Pitzer
was found dead last night
in Inglewood.
The venture capitalist and nine
others were apparently taken in
by a counterfeit upload scam,
paying $1,000 each to have
their heads burned off
by a fake scanner.
I forgot to say that footage
could be disturbing
to some viewers.
Josh Pitzer ring a bell to you?
Nope.
Oh, wait,
does he design jackets,
like, really fitted,
with embroidered leather?
God, sometimes...
No. One of your damaged memories
was selling Beyond
at his office.
I talked to him last week,
and...
he died yesterday.
Oh, man.
You think it's connected?
Uh, yeah.
I want to do some snooping
and see if someone
did break in to your head.
Are you cool with that?
And find out who killed me?
Nah, I'm kind of over it.
Wait, what?
Yes, of course. Please.
If you want to be a detective,
can you help me find Mr. Caputo?
- Shh.
- Just...
be careful, okay?
Oh, my God!
- You found him?
- No.
- Are you okay?
- Yes! My dad's in the store.
Comfortable?
Oh, yeah.
I'm loving every minute of it.
Wait, what are you...
What are you doing?
I'll do it, I'll do it.
Thank you.
I won't be long, Laurie.
- You seem anxious.
- Take a seat.
Hup-hup-hup-hup-hup-hup-hup.
Dad?
Are you here yet?
It's me, Noni!
- Noni?
- Shut it.
Dad!
Would you like to buy
some Orbit gum?
I said no to your stupid gum!
Chew on this!
Oh, sh...
Gum. Gum.
- Oh, I made it worse.
- Gum. Gum.
Pro.
If I freeze Nathan,
I can see how things play out
with the rest of my 20s and 30s.
Okay.
Con. He'll miss
his friends and family
who will grow old without him.
Pro.
Fewer friends
means more time for me.
Okay, con.
You lower your chances
of maintaining intimacy
with the man that you love.
Pro. My AC is out,
and I can't afford to fix it
and get Nathan
all the extras he wants
without asking my dad for money.
You can't put a price on love.
Oh, really?
Where's your husband?
- Kmart Villascape.
- Ew.
Okay. Thank you
for sharing, Ingrid.
- Are you all right?
- Okay, okay, I'm ready.
Come on, give it to me.
Dad!
Okay, okay. This isn't terrible.
Weird, but not terrible.
You're not wearing
your uniform today.
Nope.
I just can't decide what to get.
Well, you'll figure it out.
If someone told me what to do,
I'd do it.
Mm.
Honeydew melon.
Sir, yes, sir.
- Angel.
- Yes, handsome?
Oh, that's cool.
Right?
Oh, hey.
- Quickly, how do I look?
- Really good.
Oh, God. Never mind.
Get out of here.
Dad, this is Nathan Brown
who offered
to show you around today.
Nice to meet you, sir.
You, too. I guess.
So, I'll leave you guys to it.
Try to have fun just for me.
- Look for the laughs
like with Mom, okay?
- Sounds good, Noni.
Bye.
Nathan,
show me Lakeview amenities.
I'm having trouble
understanding you.
I found 7,000 results
for "Lakeview enemies."
Oh, for Christ's sake.
No, I'm just messing with you.
I'm a person.
Let's go.
Good Lord.
Every day. All you can eat.
- Ooh-la-la.
- Mm-hmm.
Oh! There's my friend Luke
hanging with Mildred Kannerman.
Look at them getting along.
Weird.
She doesn't have any color.
Yeah, she's over 100 years old.
I find that disgusting.
Okay. Uh, or...
is it beautiful, you know?
Two people who would have barely
overlapped in the real world
can talk
and become friends here.
When he was born,
she was 72 years old.
It's inspiring.
I paid extra
for double-jointedness,
which means I can put
my avatar's legs over my head.
Oh, I'm gonna jump on you
like a live grenade.
I could blow you off your feet.
Yet somehow it works.
Uh...
Mm.
Hey, Nathan.
I like my steak rare.
Wait, that's, uh...
- Yep.
- And there's nothing
more rare than black rhino meat.
They had to kill the last one
to program the taste right.
Okay. Well, that's lunch.
Let's keep this train moving,
all right?
Yeah. Choo choo!
That was everything
I thought it would be.
- Weird as hell.
- Yeah. You know,
digital life extension
isn't what you'd expect.
It's not real life,
and it's not heaven.
No, it's not.
You see, Nathan, when you died,
your soul went to real heaven.
So whatever simulation
I'm talking to now has no soul.
It's an abomination.
Okay. Or there is no soul,
you know, and there never was.
And in a sense,
both of our consciousnesses
are simulations,
mine on a silicon computer
and yours on a computer made
of meat, your brain.
- But there is a soul.
- Okay.
So, you expect to be...
playing a harp on a cloud
or something?
If I told you I knew
my wife was waiting for me
and the only thing
I've been thinking about
ever since she left me was
to hold her in my arms again,
what could you say
to get me to upload?
Dad.
Nothing.
So you believe
in it all literally?
I believe I was happiest
when we were all together,
and the only way for us to be
together again, including Nora,
is after we're all dead.
Is that creepy?
- Yes.
- A little.
Thank you!
I am almost there.
Well, just look out the window.
I'm crossing the street.
I'll be there in seconds.
No, I am not late again.
What do you think,
I'm just leaving work right now?
Well, I'm not.
Ground floor. Ground floor.
I don't know who said that.
Hey, Leesh.
Lucy left her computer on
and her door open,
so I think I'm gonna snoop
while she's at lunch.
Cover me.
Okay. Okay, I'll cover you.
I got you, girl.
Like the female
Jason Bourne reboot.
I got you
soon as I get Mr. Caputo.
Where...?
"Dear Ms. Slack,
"No, we can't refund the shoes
you wore all winter
which have
extensive snow damage."
This is one of the best parts
of Lakeview: memory parlor.
They can turn any memory
you have into a video for you,
even something you
barely remember from childhood.
Huh. You willing
to let me take a peek?
Yeah, okay.
I got nothing to hide.
Hmm, what should I pick?
Top fails 2025?
Bed-wetting compilation?
Senior prom?
- Oh.
- I'll be nice.
Show me the last time
you played sports with your dad.
Uh, actually, I'd rather not,
if that's okay.
I'd like to see
the man who raised you.
I think it would say a lot.
- Uh...
- Here we go.
♪ ♪
I meant something more recent.
That is most recent.
One... two... You ready?
- Yes!
- Three!
You did it! You did it!
You couldn't have done
a better job, Nathan.
That was perfect.
- Where's the ball?
- Where is the ball?
Seemed like a good guy.
I'm sorry for your loss.
Oh, he's not dead.
At least, I don't think he is.
Not even sure he knows
I'm dead, so...
Okay.
Let's go.
Easy, girl.
Whoa, girl. Whoa.
What's the deal with this guy?
He's everywhere.
- Yeah, he's AI.
- Ugh.
No, I'm with you on that one.
He is the worst.
He definitely
doesn't have a soul.
God, no. Look at him.
Happy trails, gentlemen.
I mean, I was barely
aware I was alive.
Just kind of went to clubs
and did my work.
- Was a bit of an asshole.
- Mm-hmm.
But now, my eyes have been
opened to a lot of things.
I'm starting to really
appreciate what I have.
I mean, if you said,
right now, I could go back
the way things were before,
I don't know if I'd do it.
This experience has been
that good?
In some ways, yeah.
I mean,
I met your daughter here,
and she's better
than any friend I had before.
Even if we last
for a thousand years here,
it's gonna feel short
when it's over,
and we're out of time
with the people we care about.
I think
that's what really matters.
You actually have
some depth to you.
Maybe even a soul?
At least a personality.
I'll take it.
Come on. Give me something.
"I have proof that someone is
"selling Upload memories
"on the black market.
"Your reputation will be damaged
if I take it public."
Interesting.
- This little piggy went
to market.
And this little piggy went home.
This little piggy
had roast beef.
And this...
little piggy just had
the best sex.
What is that?
Oh.
Was not me!
Maple bacon donut.
Whoa.
- Hey.
- Ew!
Lovely. Now I'm Pac-Man.
Oh!
- Did we do this?
- Maybe.
Awesome. What a day.
Okay, I swear
this has never happened before.
What the hell?
Man, I feel like
we were just starting
to relate
to each other as equals.
Mm-hmm.
You still look great.
Thanks.
Phew. Not in the face.
The building may be on fire.
- Please secure all Horizen...
- Oh, come on.
All right, everyone,
please remain calm.
Feel free to use the fire stairs
next to the elevator.
Aleesha, where is Nora?
Oh. Um... she just ran out.
Can't believe the reflexes
on that girl.
The building may be on fire.
Please secure all Horizen
intellectual property,
and then evacuate safely.
Ah, come on.
Okay, okay, okay.
You know, I'm still
the same guy on the inside,
same person
you were just talking to.
Mm-hmm.
Oh. Oh, oh. Hey... there.
See? Temporary.
You know, what makes a person
a person...
Let's just walk silently
for a bit.
You got it.
- Oh. Oh, excuse me.
- Oh, excuse me.
-What are you doing?
I'm trying to get off this...
-Oh!
- Oh, this is such a...
- Excuse me. Aleesha!
Oh, did you ever find
Mr. Caputo?
I did... not.
As soon as you get back
to your desk,
I want you
to get into his avatar
and take Mrs. Caputo dancing!
Shit.
Run, ho! Run!
So the system went to backup?
Yes, Mr. Whitbridge.
For, like, five minutes.
That's all.
Well, what happened? Sabotage?
No, nothing.
It was just, you know...
Blame it on the power company.
It was just a little
local brownout.
- That's all.
- You think
the Ludds were involved?
If you want them to be, sir.
So, how was he, Dad?
Go easy on me.
Well, to be honest...
you couldn't have done
a better job, Nathan.
That was perfect. Just...
perfect.
Thank you.
You gave me a lot
to think about, Mr. Antony.
Mr. Brown.
♪ Watch me whip, whip ♪
- ♪ Watch me nae nae ♪
- ♪ Want me do it? ♪
- ♪ Now watch me whip ♪
- ♪ Kill it ♪
- ♪ Watch me nae nae ♪
- ♪ Okay ♪
♪ Now watch me whip, whip,
watch me nae nae ♪
- ♪ Can you do it? ♪
- ♪ Now watch me ♪
♪ Ooh, watch me, watch me, ooh ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Watch me, watch me ♪
- ♪ Ooh, watch me, watch me ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Okay, okay ♪
- ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Watch me, watch me, ooh... ♪
I'm glad I got
to see where you work.
Well, now it'll be
an easier transition, right?
Nora.
Dad.
Don't. Come on.
Nora, uh...
Did he... did he say something?
Did he do something wrong?
Nathan would be one of the
reasons why I would've done it.
So you liked him?
He sold the hell
out of that place.
He... he-he made me see
the appeal that it has.
Well, what about...
outside
of his tour guide skills?
Yeah, you've got good taste.
He's a great guy.
I just wish you'd met him
when he was alive.
Um...
I don't think
he's a romantic possibility.
It's just too hard.
It's too tough.
I'm sorry, Nora.
Well, if you're not going
to upload,
can you do one thing for me?
Anything.
Can you say "hi" to Mom for me?
Of course.